README.md, before:

# Market Sync
Synchronise job specifications from any given Chainlink node to the [LinkPool Market](https://market.link):

- Detects if there's job specifications on the provided Chainlink node that don't exist on the market.
- Ability to specify job name's and cost before added in the Market.
- Edit any job specification within the CLI to remove any secrets such as API keys.

## Install

Download the latest version from [releases](https://github.com/linkpoolio/market-sync/releases).

Alternatively, you can use the Docker container:
```
docker pull linkpool/market-sync
```

## Usage

Market sync is a simple CLI tool that requires you to provide your Chainlink node login credentials, and LinkPool Market 
API keys.

### Preconditions

- `ORACLE_CONTRACT_ADDRESS` configuration variable is set in Chainlink.
- Chainlink node is already created within the Market.

### Using Flags

```
market-sync \
    -e admin@node.local \
    -p twochains \
    -u http://localhost:6688 \
    -a 31896afb-fa1c-4b30-b9a7-d7b5284cfab7 \
    -s RnscNLRnfWVRBuuRipWDRnscNLRnfWVRBuuRipWDRnscNLRnfWVRBuuRipWD
```

### Using Environment Variables

```
CHAINLINK_EMAIL=admin@node.local; \
CHAINLINK_PASSWORD=twochains; \
CHAINLINK_URL=http://localhost:6688; \
MARKET_ACCESS_KEY=31896afb-fa1c-4b30-b9a7-d7b5284cfab7; \
MARKET_SECRET_KEY=RnscNLRnfWVRBuuRipWDRnscNLRnfWVRBuuRipWDRnscNLRnfWVRBuuRipWD; \
market-sync
```

### Contributing

We welcome all contributors, please raise any issues for any feature request, issue or suggestion you may have.

Commit message:

Add pre-condition for Market API keys with link to docs

README.md, after:

# Market Sync
Synchronise job specifications from any given Chainlink node to the [LinkPool Market](https://market.link):

- Detects if there's job specifications on the provided Chainlink node that don't exist on the market.
- Ability to specify job name's and cost before added in the Market.
- Edit any job specification within the CLI to remove any secrets such as API keys.

## Install

Download the latest version from [releases](https://github.com/linkpoolio/market-sync/releases).

Alternatively, you can use the Docker container:
```
docker pull linkpool/market-sync
```

## Usage

Market sync is a simple CLI tool that requires you to provide your Chainlink node login credentials, and LinkPool Market 
API keys.

### Preconditions

- API key pair created on the Market, documentation found [here](https://docs.linkpool.io/docs/market_api_keys).
- `ORACLE_CONTRACT_ADDRESS` configuration variable is set in Chainlink.
- Chainlink node is already created within the Market.

### Using Flags

```
market-sync \
    -e admin@node.local \
    -p twochains \
    -u http://localhost:6688 \
    -a 31896afb-fa1c-4b30-b9a7-d7b5284cfab7 \
    -s RnscNLRnfWVRBuuRipWDRnscNLRnfWVRBuuRipWDRnscNLRnfWVRBuuRipWD
```

### Using Environment Variables

```
CHAINLINK_EMAIL=admin@node.local; \
CHAINLINK_PASSWORD=twochains; \
CHAINLINK_URL=http://localhost:6688; \
MARKET_ACCESS_KEY=31896afb-fa1c-4b30-b9a7-d7b5284cfab7; \
MARKET_SECRET_KEY=RnscNLRnfWVRBuuRipWDRnscNLRnfWVRBuuRipWDRnscNLRnfWVRBuuRipWD; \
market-sync
```

### Contributing

We welcome all contributors, please raise any issues for any feature request, issue or suggestion you may have.
